sure we're all with you my boy
everything been going good no man
nevermind for if I see everybody eating
good my nigga I scouted no yes unless
I'm some you know names from aliens too
big no that's what something wrong with
everybody keep it real shit everybody
gonna eat riddle many love what I my
children are you know somebody got a
little saying watch me go watch my other
pitfalls alone stammer cuz i know a lot
of niggas gon stand ain't blessed to see
this right so right now
so they go no homey right here with you
soon more from the morning game man bed
time start running their rocket man be
loving alone when I'm through I grow a
tail Marsh but I don't call me little
congo cook me you can do it from her
you're banging up I no need to take that
money that's all
you
I'm telling you so a lot of money to go
full of them but even gated man time to
time man by Butler with nig on anything
goes south woman man i'll put my
headband little off of my head man but
they've been really soft forward here
for a while I leave it lying yes I need
man yeah yeah yeah heard that man go
there with a bit as a cam phone I just
heard these people conversation and you
can't fumble at all know that probably
uh huh me baby call got this bitch
moaning and all the ways how you feeling
don't ya
remember Brandon from the White time
lets the bail here come play a nigga
Whiteside play around with you speaks
only take one time mercure words over
feet bone and say wait good niggas kill
more than one time oh I do it because it
only little wet time when time okay wait
oh I remember their lane so Fisher would
wait now pasties be the sole to go lazy
or flexing in the floor with a lot of
eggs bacon no you niggas working with
we're late try just go to confirmation
no don't talk about fate tic-tac-toe
niggas Jesus extra mouths fuck what's my
account walk will never know know so i
can make from the a damn sorry how to
fuckin niggas father became a damn small
Robin you can Janis limited carry the
rain our partner gonna be now there's a
bad look though niggas
bang like face o.o remover running from
the one side that's the rail here come
play a nigga Whiteside hey Lee around
you sweets only take my time rip your
words over people and say what niggas
kill waterway time know if you can see
the only little wet time winter and
winter what went right through what
happens when you get cake ain't worried
about fake fake bill one time I was
greatly be waiting here to worry about
snakes snakes it went down by the code
hold on nothing to go back a my head
nothing so bright but i would say that's
what a 13 need nickels on the whole gang
Elliott Manny nig lay my pocket wait
Enix it the devil LT mighty in my scared
away I gotta keep my poor dead girl I
jump easily do you be the disco me all
get on myself they won't take me alive
for you wrinkle anybody take those great
well buckle 30 decipher your hold on
honey some rare you ain't heard on my
niggas get lost in I found removal right
in front of one side blister bail here
complaining right side clear around with
you screen so let's take my time rip
your words / be phone and say wait time
good nigga skill on a white time oh I do
it nigga shit i only need when time yeah
I cuenta cuenta cuenta hey what what
winter winter winter hey what's up
hey what did it man oh man nothin nothin
really got one time he's gonna set off
the whole month we finished you already
know man once on the grind once I decide
what time to get up on me she is this
all here man d soft music man yeah I get
it is oh yeah no man once on